add rocketmq consumer config item description (#3354)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-rocketmq.md

| producerQueueSelector (queueSelector) |    N     | Producer Queue selector. There are five implementations of queue selector: `hash`, `random`, `manual`, `roundRobin`, `dapr`. | `dapr`                                                      | `hash`                                                       |
| consumerModel                         |    N     | Message model that defines how messages are delivered to each consumer client. RocketMQ supports two message models: `clustering` and `broadcasting`. | `clustering`                                                | `broadcasting` , `clustering`                                |
| fromWhere (consumeFromWhere)          |    N     | Consuming point on consumer booting. There are three consuming points: `CONSUME_FROM_LAST_OFFSET`, `CONSUME_FROM_FIRST_OFFSET`, `CONSUME_FROM_TIMESTAMP` | `CONSUME_FROM_LAST_OFFSET`                                  | `CONSUME_FROM_LAST_OFFSET`                                   |

> | consumeTimestamp |    N     | Backtracking consumption time with second precision. Time format is `20131223171201`.Implying Seventeen twelve and 01 seconds on December 23, 2013 year | ` time.Now().Add(time.Minute * (-30)).Format("20060102150405")` | `20131223171201`                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| consumeTimestamp |    N     | Backtracks consumption time with second precision. Time format is `yyyymmddhhmmss`. For example, `20131223171201` implies the time of 17:12:01 and date of December 23, 2013 | ` time.Now().Add(time.Minute * (-30)).Format("20060102150405")` | `20131223171201`                   |
```

| consumeOrderly                        |    N     | Determines if it's an ordered message using FIFO order.      | `false`                                                     | `false`                                                      |
| consumeMessageBatchMaxSize            |    N     | Batch consumption size out of range `[1, 1024]`              | `512`                                                       | `10`                                                         |

> | consumeConcurrentlyMaxSpan            |    N     | Concurrently max span offset.it has no effect on sequential consumption.Range: `[1, 65535]` | `1000`                                                    | `1000`                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| consumeConcurrentlyMaxSpan            |    N     | Concurrently max span offset. This has no effect on sequential consumption. Range: `[1, 65535]` | `1000`                                                    | `1000`                                             |
```

| maxReconsumeTimes                     |    N     | Max re-consume times. `-1` means 16 times. If messages are re-consumed more than {@link maxReconsumeTimes} before success, they'll be directed to a deletion queue. | Orderly message is `MaxInt32`; Concurrently message is `16` | `16`                                                         |
| autoCommit                            |    N     | Enable auto commit                                           | `true`                                                      | `false`                                                      |

> | consumeTimeout                            |    N     | Maximum amount of time a message may block the consuming thread.Time unit: Minute | `15`                                      | `15`                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| consumeTimeout                            |    N     | Maximum amount of time a message may block the consuming thread. Time unit: Minute | `15`                                      | `15`                                                   |
```

| consumerPullTimeout                           |    N     | The socket timeout in milliseconds         |                                                       |                                                       |
| pullInterval                          |    N     | Message pull interval                                        | `100`                                                       | `100`                                                        |
| pullBatchSize                         |    N     | The number of messages pulled from the broker at a time. If `pullBatchSize` is `null`, use `ConsumerBatchSize`. `pullBatchSize` out of range `[1, 1024]` | `32`                                                        | `10`                                                         |

> | pullThresholdForQueue |    N     | Flow control threshold on queue level, each message queue will cache at most 1000 messages by default.Consider the `PullBatchSize`, the instantaneous value may exceed the limit.Range: `[1, 65535]` | `1024`                                     | `1000`                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pullThresholdForQueue |    N     | Flow control threshold on queue level. Each message queue will cache a maximum of 1000 messages by default. Consider the `PullBatchSize` - the instantaneous value may exceed the limit. Range: `[1, 65535]` | `1024`                                     | `1000`                                                       |
```

> | pullThresholdForTopic    |    N     | Flow control threshold on topic level.The value of `pullThresholdForQueue` will be overwritten and calculated based on`pullThresholdForTopic` if it isn't unlimited.For example, if the value of pullThresholdForTopic is 1000 and 10 message queues are assigned to this consumer,then pullThresholdForQueue will be set to 100.Range: `[1, 6553500]` | `-1(Unlimited)`                                           | `10`                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pullThresholdForTopic    |    N     | Flow control threshold on topic level. The value of `pullThresholdForQueue` will be overwritten and calculated based on `pullThresholdForTopic` if it isn't unlimited. For example, if the value of `pullThresholdForTopic` is 1000 and 10 message queues are assigned to this consumer, then `pullThresholdForQueue` will be set to 100. Range: `[1, 6553500]` | `-1(Unlimited)`                                           | `10`                                                         |
```

> | pullThresholdSizeForQueue                        |    N     | Limit the cached message size on queue level.Consider the `pullBatchSize`, the instantaneous value may exceed the limit.The size of a message only measured by message body, so it's not accurate.Range: `[1, 1024]` | `100`                                                     | `100`                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pullThresholdSizeForQueue                        |    N     | Limit the cached message size on queue level. Consider the `pullBatchSize` - the instantaneous value may exceed the limit. The size of a message is only measured by message body, so it's not accurate. Range: `[1, 1024]` | `100`                                                     | `100`                                                        |
```

> | pullThresholdSizeForTopic                        |    N     | Limit the cached message size on topic level.The value of `pullThresholdSizeForQueue` will be overwritten and calculated based on `pullThresholdSizeForTopic` if it isn't unlimited.For example, if the value of pullThresholdSizeForTopic is 1000 MiB and 10 message queues are assigned to this consumer, then pullThresholdSizeForQueue will be set to 100 MiB.Range: `[1, 102400]` | `-1`                                                     | `100`                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pullThresholdSizeForTopic                        |    N     | Limit the cached message size on topic level. The value of `pullThresholdSizeForQueue` will be overwritten and calculated based on `pullThresholdSizeForTopic` if it isn't unlimited. For example, if the value of `pullThresholdSizeForTopic` is 1000 MiB and 10 message queues are assigned to this consumer, then `pullThresholdSizeForQueue` will be set to 100 MiB. Range: `[1, 102400]` | `-1`                                                     | `100`                                                        |
```
